With what we've developed so far.
We have a page where we can give you a list of all the articles in our database and a page where we
can view a single article the data file these pages is coming from the database here.
We can add new articles using P P madman here.
But this isn't very user friendly and it's not what you do in a content management system.
So now that we know how h.t. email farmers work to get data from the user Let's add a new page so we
can insert a new article into the database from the browser we'll call it new article it.
P
let's include our standard h.t. Mail header and footer and then add a subheading and then add our farm
as we'll be inserting data into the database we'll use the post method inside our farm.
Let's add an input for the articles title making sure we include the name attributes so that we can
use that to get the value.
When the farm is submitted Let's add a label for this control with the FA attributed the label matching
the attribute of the input.
And let's wrap these two elements in a div element so that they're shown on a new line.
Next let's add a control for the articles content.
This time a text area so we can add some more than one line of taxed will add a corresponding label
and in closing div element like that.
Next a control for the articles publication date which is a date time local type and its corresponding
label and div wrapper element.
Finally it will add a button to submit the farm like that.
As we submitting the farm to itself let's add some code up here to process the farm data once it's submitted
as we're using the post method we can detect this and for now let's just dump out the posted data like
that.
In the browser it looks like this.
We've got inputs for the articles title content and publication date and time we can enter values and
submit the farm and we can access the posted data in our script.
Next we need to insert this data into the database.